Migrate `shell` model from `if-plugins` to `builtins` (#741)
Green-Software-Foundation/if: src/builtins/shell/README.md

description:
tags:
initialize:
  outputs:
    - yaml
  plugins:
    sampler:
      method: Shell
      path: 'builtin'
      global-config:
        command: python3 /usr/local/bin/sampler
tree:
  children:
    child:
      pipeline:
        - sampler
      inputs:
        - timestamp: 2023-07-06T00:00
          duration: 1 # Secs
          cpu/energy: 0.002
          memory/energy: 0.000005
```

In this hypothetical example, the plugin is written in Python and invoked by executing `python3 /usr/local/bin/sampler` in a shell.
The plugin should return an `output` looking as follows:

```yaml
name: shell-demo
description:
tags:
initialize:
  outputs:
    - yaml
  plugins:
    sampler:
      method: Shell
      path: 'builtin'
      global-config:
        command: python3 /usr/local/bin/sampler
tree:
  children:
    child:
      pipeline:
        - sampler
      inputs:
        - timestamp: 2023-07-06T00:00
          duration: 1 # Secs
          cpu/energy: 0.002
          memory/energy: 0.000005
      outputs:
        - timestamp: 2023-07-06T00:00
          duration: 1 # Secs
          cpu/energy: 0.002
          memory/energy: 0.000005
          energy: 0.02 # added by plugin
```

> You can run this example `manifest` by saving it as `./examples/manifests/test/sci.yml` and executing the following command from the project root:

Reviewer: I think, the manifest path should be changed

Author: ```suggestion
You can run this example `manifest` by saving it as `manifests/plugins/shell.yml` and executing the following command from the project root:
```
